[Docs] Add task description to template (#3)
GregoryEDev/review-challenge: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

# Code review challenge

Please review this PR as you would do at work.  

> Code in this repository contains an `ApolloLink` implementation.  
> A member of your team is proposing changes to the current `ApolloLink` implementation in order to retrieve a users permissions and store these in Local Storage.  
> 
> After you finish the review, please answer questions bellow in a separate comment on the PR:
> * What feedback do you have on the code?
> * How you determine that this is a good change to make?
> * What information, if any, is missing from this PR?
> 
> Good luck!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Code in this repository contains an `ApolloLink` implementation.  
A member of your team is proposing changes to the current `ApolloLink` implementation in order to retrieve a user's permissions and store these in Local Storage.  

After you finish the review, please answer the questions below in a separate comment on the PR:
* What feedback do you have on the code?
* How do you determine that this is a good change?
* What information, if any, is missing from this PR?

Good luck!
```

Author: 👌
